this is the instrument of your
liberation satellite shows a radiation
spike
whatever it is it's no clear identify
yourself to the world
dr. Lanny Poffo nuclear physicist is
pawel was confirmed dead plane crash on
an agency pull out of his Becca Stan but
it looks like it's him I would what is
this sir
fully prime neutron bomb the blast
radius of six miles and who is capable
of disarming such a device
only me
Oh deal thank you the doctor this poem
is armed this bomb is mobile and the
identity of the triggerman is a mystery
for one of you holds the detonator now
we came here that is conquerors but as
liberators to return control this city
to the people and at the first side of
interference of the outside world of
those people attempting to flee this
anonymous government this unsung hero
will trigger the bomb the landing saloon
is in a second retard
hold your families close up wait to
borrow your claim what is rightfully
yours
okay